New processor API (#1240)
OCR-D/core: CHANGELOG.md

Versioned according to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## [3.0.0a1] - 2024-08-15

Changed:
  - :fire: Deprecate `Processor.process`

>   - update spec to v3.25.0, which allows annotating fileGrp cardinality in `ocrd-tool.json`

Author: ```suggestion
  - update spec to v3.25.0, which requires annotating fileGrp cardinality in `ocrd-tool.json`
  - :fire: Remove passing non-processing kwargs to `Processor` constructor, add as members  
     (i.e. `show_help`, `dump_json`, `dump_module_dir`, `list_resources`, `show_resource`, `resolve_resource`)
  - :fire: Deprecate passing processing arg / kwargs to `Processor` constructor  
     (i.e. `workspace`, `page_id`, `input_file_grp`, `output_file_grp`; now all set by `run_processor`)
  - :fire: Deprecate passing `ocrd-tool.json` metadata to `Processor` constructor
```
